I am a business English student, in the half year I am facing graduation, I listened to the arrangement of the school and started to look for a suitable work unit for practice. So far, my practice work has come to an end, and I have learned a lot in almost two months, which I believe will be a good experience in my future work journey, whether I start my own business or continue to work for others, and will play a very important role in the future. When I first started to look for a job, I admit that I was afraid and confused because I didn't know what kind of job I should find, I didn't know what kind of job I could do, and I didn't know what I could do with my current ability and experience. Initially, the fear and anxiety in my heart made me anxious and restless, and I even lost sleep at night, and my mental state was not very good. I don't know if others have such psychological pressure like me. Many people reassured me that it was just a practice, not that important, just find a place to practice for two months, but, subconsciously, I thought practice was important. From the time I started looking for a job, I didn't think of myself as a fledgling practicing student. Maybe when you subconsciously see yourself as a practicing student, you think that when you make a mistake, when you do the wrong job, you have enough reasons to let others forgive you. But in my consciousness, work is very important, and competence and responsibility for work are responsibilities and obligations that one must fulfill with a salary. When I was ready to practice, I reported to my parents in advance, probably because I used to rely too much on my parents, so when I said I would practice, I had expectations in my heart, hoping that my mom and dad could use their arms to give me a comfortable sky, hoping that they could introduce me to a job of some kind. But it turns out that I thought wrong, maybe at school, when there is no living expenses they will be very heartfelt fear of their children hungry, will give living expenses, but when need to rely on their own ability to start doing things, they are not willing to give me any more rely on. At first I was a little bit complaining about them, because in my narrow-minded opinion, it was time for the child to work. So I got angry and made a lot of noise, which, when I think about it now, was really a very ignorant act. I still remember what my parents said when I was at home, they said, "What do you want us to help you do, get a job? To live life? When you are really independent later, you will resent who you are not satisfied with your job, you will resent us for interfering with your life and your career, when that resentment will be deep. Now you, you may think you can't do anything, when you will, you will make a sky for yourself. Your own life, you have to go on your own, Mom and Dad can not live your life for you, we do not interfere with your work, do not interfere with your feelings, these are for you to slowly discover and grow, all of this is to allow you to live according to their own wishes." These words, which do not sound so great, not so literary, but I am grateful to my parents for saying these words, how many children nowadays complain that their parents interfere with their lives, saying that their parents arrange for them to go to school, arrange for them to work, arrange for them to get married, arrange for them to do so much, but none of it is what they want. I, on the other hand, have the right to make my own decisions, so why would I want to throw it away? When I started to choose a company and submit my resume, I was apprehensive because I didn't know if the company I liked would be willing to accept me as a young student with no experience to speak of and just out of school. My aunt told me that I just graduated, as long as a company is willing to accept me, I do not care about the salary or anything, because now I can not create any value and benefit to other companies, they are paid to train new people, that is not costly. My aunt taught me that I can't be choosy and I can't be too low. With this in mind, when I submitted my resume, I didn't care about the salary, I didn't care about the overtime, I was waiting apprehensively for those interview calls from the submitting company, and the anxious mood I was in was still a bit anxious when I think about it. When I received any phone call informing me of the interview, I would be very excited and well prepared to apply for the job. I didn't know which company's personnel manager would hire me, or which personnel manager would dismiss me at the first glance, I just put my best foot forward and went for any slim chance. After a few interviews, I think I am lucky enough to be retained by the current practice company, I think I may not be the best, but I will be the most attentive, the most cherished practice opportunities, any time the practice experience, for me is a test, for me, is also an opportunity to transform, I will firmly seize such opportunities, so that they become strong as soon as possible, as soon as possible to become outstanding, as soon as possible so that I will firmly seize such an opportunity to become strong and outstanding as soon as possible, so that I can have the opportunity to take the lead, as soon as possible to achieve their own ideals in life, career goals, and that is a seemingly distant goal, is also a very difficult to achieve the goal. I, however, will only be more firm in my will, firm in my belief, to work hard. So, any time the work experience, there may be nothing to do with what I really want to engage in later, but the accumulated experience, accumulated contacts, accumulated work ability, I think, are the things I need in the future. I remember when I was a child I was an introvert, reluctant to talk much, and when I met relatives, I was reluctant to open my mouth and call them by an intimate name, because of this problem, I didn't seem to be scolded much. In addition, in any family, children of the same age group are always put together to be compared. At that time, I was always put together with a cousin who was two years older than me to be compared, and once the parents criticized, they said that this point of me was not as good as her, and that point was not as good as her, and every time I was compared in this way, after a long time, I would really get angry, and I would also argue unreasonably, unreasonably to defend. By now, when you are at work, these are not the attitudes that should be there, the attitude of getting along with colleagues, the etiquette of treating the leader's boss, these are all a great deal. And I, really a young student, out to face such a competitive society, what I have to learn is really a lot. When you do something wrong, no one will be like a family member to unconditionally tolerate you, forgive you, there are only iron-faced and unforgiving criticism, this may also be the fastest way to let newcomers grow up. Treatment of colleagues, and the treatment of classmates seems to be a little different, between students, like to play, when together like to joke each other, but with colleagues together, when working can not have other inappropriate behavior, even after work, but also each said goodbye, each home. The society may be like this, they live their own lives, the rest really does not seem to be that important. When you are still on campus, you do not feel that life is not easy, when you leave home, leave the campus, leave the warm and comfortable harbor, you will find that the society gives you is a succession of setbacks and blows. In school, you can live a comfortable life, except for classes, which seem to be the classmates playing together, and occasionally go to the library to study, which is a very full life. Our parents gave us enough money to live a comfortable life at school. When there are classes, we go to class, and even some students have classes can choose not to go to class, teachers painstakingly persuade, teachers with their past experience to admonish us to study well, to improve themselves, but we are a group of playful students, always let the teachers do not worry, not willing to wholeheartedly agree to study, not willing to devote themselves to the enrichment of their lives. When working, not to say that it is random not to come, even if it is because of traffic jam late, that is not a reason, your late, no matter what the reason that is late, any reason is an excuse, no one is willing to listen to your explanation, no one is willing to forgive you for such a simple thing, and at this time, you can do, that is, to fight for no next time, can only let yourself get up earlier, come earlier. When you live on your own, I think any student of our age will no longer be willing to let their mom and dad support themselves, maybe they can support us to rent a house, maybe they will initially support part of our start-up capital, but that is only temporary, when we start working on our own, in addition to the ability to be independent, I think there is an important economic independence it. Many girls may have read this kind of article, saying that a woman, when she finds her other half, to be independent, this independence means not only the ability to be independent, which means that we have their own work, have their own ideas, have their own financial ability, but also have their own way of doing things, so that when we are with others, we do not rely on what is The other people, thus losing their own personality or rights.